docs: ui.illustrated_message (#739)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/illustrated_message.md

# Illustrated Message

> An IllustratedMessage displays an illustration along with a message, typically used for empty states or error pages.

Reviewer: > IllustratedMessage

Casing.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_basic = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsError"),
    ui.heading("Access denied"),
    ui.content("You do not have permissions to access this page."),
)
```

## UI recommendations

> Recommendations for creating a IllustratedMessage:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Recommendations for creating an IllustratedMessage:
```

> 1. The message should be concise and, if applicable, describe the next step that a user can take.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The message should be concise and, if applicable, describe the next step a user can take.
```

> 2. The heading should no longer than 6 words, and should not be a replacement for the message text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. The heading should be no longer than 6 words and should not be a replacement for the message text.
```

You can populate these sections by providing the following components as children: an `ui.icon` for the illustration, a `ui.heading` for the heading, and `ui.content` for the body.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_content_example = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsWarning"),
    ui.heading("Invalid input"),
    ui.content("No special characters allowed."),
)
```

## Labeling

If the heading of an Illustrated Message isn't specified, the illustration should have the `aria-label` prop set for accessibility purposes.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_labeling_example = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsWorkspaceTrusted", aria_label="Trusted Workspace")
)
```

## Placeholder

Using an Illustrated Message as a placeholder for a table or list can clearly indicating the absence of data and provide context-specific guidance.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message = ui.illustrated_message("Please enter a filter")

@ui.component
def illustrated_message_placeholder_example():
    filter, set_filter = ui.use_state("")

>     ui.text_field(value=filter)

Reviewer: You aren't returning the text_field or setting an on change. This example wouldn't work.

Author: It's weird, it removed my actual example that I had added in my `add review changes` commit when I merged main, should be fixed now.

# Illustrated Message

An illustrated message displays an illustration along with a message, typically used for empty states or error pages.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_basic = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsError"),
    ui.heading("Access denied"),
    ui.content("You do not have permissions to access this page."),
)
```

## UI recommendations

Recommendations for creating an illustrated message:

1. The message should be concise and, if applicable, describe the next step a user can take.
2. The heading should be no longer than 6 words and should not be a replacement for the message text.
2. Use sentence case for the heading and message text.
3. Use illustrations that are relevant to the message and help convey the context effectively.

> 4. Reserve illustrated message for situations where it adds value and clarity, rather than using it for minor notifications or messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Reserve illustrated messages for situations where they add value and clarity, rather than using them for minor notifications or messages.
```

## Content

An illustrated message is made up of three parts: an illustration, a heading, and a body. 

You can populate these sections by providing the following components as children: an `ui.icon` for the illustration, a `ui.heading` for the heading, and `ui.content` for the body.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_content_example = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsWarning"),
    ui.heading("Invalid input"),
    ui.content("No special characters allowed."),
)
```

## Labeling

> If the heading of an illustrated message isn't specified, the illustration should have the `aria-label` prop set for accessibility purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the heading of an illustrated message isn't specified, set the `aria-label` prop for accessibility purposes.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_labeling_example = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsWorkspaceTrusted", aria_label="Trusted Workspace")
)
```

## Placeholder

> Using an illustrated message as a placeholder for a table or list can clearly indicating the absence of data and provide context-specific guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an illustrated message as a placeholder for a table or list can clearly indicate the absence of data and provide context-specific guidance.
```

4. Reserve illustrated message for situations where it adds value and clarity, rather than using it for minor notifications or messages.

## Content

An illustrated message is made up of three parts: an illustration, a heading, and a body. 

You can populate these sections by providing the following components as children: an `ui.icon` for the illustration, a `ui.heading` for the heading, and `ui.content` for the body.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_content_example = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsWarning"),
    ui.heading("Invalid input"),
    ui.content("No special characters allowed."),
)
```

## Labeling

If the heading of an illustrated message isn't specified, the illustration should have the `aria-label` prop set for accessibility purposes.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_illustrated_message_labeling_example = ui.illustrated_message(
    ui.icon("vsWorkspaceTrusted", aria_label="Trusted Workspace")
)
```

## Placeholder

Using an illustrated message as a placeholder for a table or list can clearly indicating the absence of data and provide context-specific guidance.

```python

> from deephaven import ui
> import deephaven.plot.express as dx
> 
> 
> stocks = dx.data.stocks()
> 
> 
> @ui.component
> def illustrated_message_placeholder_example():
>     input, set_input = ui.use_state("")
>     filter, set_filter = ui.use_state("")
> 
>     def handle_submit(data):
>         set_filter(input)
> 
>     my_form_submit = ui.form(
>         ui.text_field(value=input, on_change=set_input, default_value=""),
>         ui.button("Submit", type="submit"),
>         on_submit=handle_submit,
>     )
>     return [
>         (ui.illustrated_message("Please enter a filter"), my_form_submit)
>         if filter == ""
>         else stocks.where(f"Sym=`{filter}`")
>     ]
> 
> 
> my_illustrated_message_placeholder_example = illustrated_message_placeholder_example()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from deephaven import ui
import deephaven.plot.express as dx

_stocks = dx.data.stocks()

@ui.component
def illustrated_message_placeholder_example():
    filter, set_filter = ui.use_state("")

    return [
        ui.text_field(
            value=filter, label="Sym Filter", is_required=True, on_change=set_filter
        ),
        ui.illustrated_message(
            ui.icon("vsFilter"),
            ui.heading("Filter required"),
            ui.content("Enter a filter to display filtered table"),
            width="100%",
        )
        if filter == ""
        else _stocks.where(f"Sym=`{filter.upper()}`"),
    ]

my_illustrated_message_placeholder_example = illustrated_message_placeholder_example()
```

I think we can improve styling, and no need to use a form here.
